The Joe Rogan experience. So Beto, I don't know.
Let's not call him Beto anymore. His name is Robert. Robert.
Robert actually has a really great idea, Joe.
He wants to tax non-military families to pay for veterans healthcare,
to pay for veterans. Yeah, isn't that nice.
So punish the people who don't want to join the military, very smart.
Robert.
Punish the people who make the weapons influence the politicians,
tax the defense contractor,
find out what the military industrial complex is really made of find out how
much money they're really making and saying, Hey, look at you guys,
you made X amount of billions of dollars. And look at all these guys that,
you know, we have to fund,
we have to rely on charities and we have to rely on things like the wounded
warrior project and all these foundations that are taking care of these veterans
when you're the ones who are profiting. And I mean that,
that's where the money should come from. Sound like they're poor.
These are insanely rich organizations.
Yeah. Their stocks have tripled in the last four years there.
They're doing real well.
When we had that situation where Dick Cheney,
who was the CEO of how Burton was giving Halliburton no bid contracts to go
over and fix places that we bombed. It's like what? Yeah. That,
that is like a doctor breaking people's legs so he can fix them.
So it's so crazy. And then drive around a Porsche.
It's crazy.
Yeah. Well,
Trump was sitting down at some table with all the head defense contractors a
couple months ago and it was after the [inaudible], you know, dismemberment in
the embassy. And, uh,
he was openly talking about how we can not stop that $110 billion weapons deal.
And, and you should see the
, just the glee on these people's faces. I mean, it was just, it's
just unbelievable how transparent it is, especially under.
That was a weird conversation. Where, who was he being interviewed by? Oh,
Steve, Steve Hilton. My friend. I know Steve Hilton and I'm that guy forever.
Um, we're actually family, friends.
Our families have gone on vacations together and. It's a good guy. Is that the.
Fox news?
No, no. It's one of the named.
Paris. No.
He's British. But, um, he was interviewing, um,
Trump and they were talking about the mill and Trump was openly discussing how
these people want to go to war.
The military industrial complex wants to go to war. I mean, Trump's saying that,
you know, he didn't want to have anything to do with this,
but that they want to go to war. And it's like, like it's,
Trump is a weird guy because he's such a loose cannon that he says like that,
that you don't, that Obama would keep it, his cards, you know,
a Bama would hide his cards, but Trump hate him or love him. He,
he gives you glimpses that you're not going to get as far as like,
what kind of influence does the military industrial complex really have on
policy change and, and decision-making and whether or not they take action.
And he was openly discussing.
He removes the mask. You know, it's,
it's interesting because he think that he's talking out of both sides of his
mouth because on one hand he says that kind of stuff.
But then on the other hand, I mean,
he hired all the most rabid war generals in his cabinet.
And also just John Bolton. I mean, come on.
This is like a maniacal neoconservative who should have been for war with Iran
since the day he was born. So it's like, if you don't want war with Iran,
I mean, he campaigned on it. So we know that he hates Iran.
He campaigned on abolishing the nuclear deal with Iran,
but then he picks John Bolton to lead all of these efforts. I mean, it's like,
it's like starting a fire and then getting applauded and congratulated when you
stop the fire at the last minute,
before it erupts and takes over the whole planet.
And that's what would happen if we actually did bomb Iran,
I think that people don't understand how precarious the situation is that Trump
and these cronies have laid out.
Not just his, but came so close to being a reality just a week ago.
You mean you don't think we should go to war after, uh,
for bombing oil tankers and, um, Saudi oil tankers.
You don't think we should go to war over shooting down.
A robot, shot our robot.
I would die for Saudi oil tankers and I'd be the first one to put my body on the
line.
I mean, there was a lot of people that were saying,
this seems like the Gulf of Tonkin too. They're like, I don't,
I'm not buying this at all.
There were so many people that were like really kind of credible people who were
openly saying this stinks. Like it just seems staged. It seems like some,
some bit like why would they do.
It's total false flag, going on over and over and over again.
They're just trying so hard because they want to provoke Iran to the point where
he, Ron will be forced to respond. And this is after suffocating X fixating,
the sanctions that have, that are causing people's lives. I mean.
For the folks that haven't been paying attention to this,
what is it that makes them want to go to war with Iran?
So we have to just look at what he, Ron is. I mean, he,
Ron just won its independence less than a hundred years ago in a, you know,
an era of an, a wave of anti-colonial struggles.
And we immediately the [inaudible] as well as the CA CIA instigated a
coup. So we always talk about how we want Iran to have democracy.
They had democracy, they had a revolution,
a people's revolution that was overthrown.
We overthrew Mohamed Moza duck and in stated a absolute monarchy for
decades.
And at the time it had the highest human rights abuses documented in the world.
It was pretty unique in that sense. And, you know,
you can only imagine why Iran is the way it is today.
And there was such a suppression of the left end of the communist party in Iran
that the Islamic revolutionary, um, revolution happened.
And the Ayatollah was the leader of that political movement.
And that's why Iran has the political system it has today,
but it's about the oil man. And it's always about the oil.
And it's always about the foreign domination of the region.
They hate that Iran is an independent country and doesn't bow down to us
imperialism and the U S capitalism and Iran also is allies with a lot of
states that is real in the us and Saudi Arabia do not want it to be allies,
you know, Hezbollah, Hamas. Um, and so that's,
that's a big problem for the U S and it's getting in the way of a lot of kind
of goals in the region.
But it's really fascinating when you look at what actually happened,
because you know, the nuclear deal was amazing. It was huge. I mean,
Trump keeps belaboring the fact that he, Iran should not have nuclear weapons.
They didn't have nuclear weapons. They never did.
And they were agreeing to never have them. That was the whole Iran nuclear deal.
But, um,
Trump just immediately rescinded that slapped insane sanctions on
Iran. And now, you know, sanctions every month,
just continuing to constrict their economy and even basically sanctions on
threatening sanctions on China and India and other countries that actually do
deals with Iran now, too, which is totally insane. So once you do that,
um, and then you say, well, you know, you're hitting yourself,
you're hitting yourself. Why are you doing this? It's like, no,
you're doing this to them. And on top of that, John Bolton keeps saying,
you know, there's all these unique threats coming from Iran.
We need to surround them with all these warships.
And they keep sending thousands of more troops, thousands, more troops.
So you're getting to a position now and now the drone, right?
We're flying a drone into Iranian airspace and expecting that they're not going
to shoot that down. Why the are we flying a drone and Iran,
the would we do if Iran flew a drone in here, right? I mean,
it's just unbelievable.
The chauvinism and arrogance of the U S to be doing all this and then be like,
okay, now you guys are a belligerent threat. We have to do something. It's like,
no, you guys are the ones in circling them and enclosing all of their, you know,
basically just encapsulating their entire territory and threatening them over
and over and over again, basically hoping for something to happen.
And if you look back at the Gulf of Tonkin,
there was a guy who was actually on the USS Maddix,
the ship that was eventually attacked and got us into the
war with Vietnam. And he even said, um,
my dad was on the ship and he said, we had no idea why we were there.
And one of the generals or captains on the ship just said,
they want us to be hit.
They want us to be a tax so they can get into a war that they want to get into.
And that's exactly what's going on.
And what's sad is whoever's in the Navy circling Iran.
They're going to be the ones who die when he, Ron does launch back.
They're sacrificing themselves for these generals and defense contractors
profits.
Now there's some reason to believe that I ran as not being honest about its
nuclear program. Right. I mean,
that was one of the reasons why it wasn't that what was the virus that the
United States Stuxnet Stuxnet virus that they put on the Iranian nuclear program
to, to kill it while they were in the middle of, um, um,
doing whatever they do to uranium.
That's right. The centrifuges for the enriched enriching uranium. I mean, yeah,
that, that was, uh, that was also crazy it's cyber attacks. Right, right.
Um, but the cyber attacks weren't they effective though in stopping the nuclear
program, there was like a secret nuclear program that they were doing.
I don't know what exactly, they, I don't think that ever was a nuclear program,
but I know that that was another crazy thing that the U S did was basically
infect their thing and destroy all of this technology. But I mean,
basically all we need to know is that they agreed to not develop nukes.
And it was all agreed from the international community.
And then Trump gets in there and just unravels it all.
And it's so dangerous because Iran would make Iraq look like child's play.
It's not a joke. And I mean,
it's literally so precarious at this point that anything can happen.
And he re-upped into a full blown war. And then when Trump says, oh,
I pulled back the airstrike because I wanted to save 150 lives. No, dude,
you're starting fires all over the world.
And then you get applauded and you want to congratulate yourself because somehow
he's still kind of appealing to this like non-interventionist line,
which is just fake to me because you don't appoint the most rabid war,
hungry people to surround you and to carry out these policies,
if you don't want that, to a certain extent.
We also created this really weird ideological rift where people were
complaining that he didn't do anything.
And people were upset that he was going to take action. And he didn't.
There was even about the drone. Yeah. Well,
did he will about the drone and about the attacking of the oil tankers and that
he was ready to launch, then he didn't. And what was the one of the Fox guys?
It was talking about the consequences of taking no actions.
Like I was Brian Kilmeade or one of those guys.
It is insane, but the media has been attacking him and the Democrats do,
and the media and the Democrats always attack this administration from the
right, whenever there's some sort of military involvement,
they always want him to bomb and go to war. It's pretty shocking. I mean,
I guess not too shocking when you realize the corporate media is literally
subsidized by oil companies and banks and defense contractors. No, you.
Didn't. That's pretty crazy.